база скомпроментована, створити нові пароль і т.д

do we have harmful text? E.g. when a bad actor types some command manually (they can get it from git),
will theu delerte something, or book, creates someting. Or every GRUD action is under a button so we are fine?

прогнати флов (забронювати, підтвердити і т.д) після вчорашнійх змін для прайвесі ексепшенів

can we remove the "cancle trip" button once it is over, but driver still has tripcs
view open?

good idea to have a qucick menu/buttons for both, where driver just can see
his passeners very quickly, like name+pickup time + place+phone(button?) + msg button. So if something if off, they both could quickly contact the other or just
check pick up info.
Maybe enough to just send reminder 30-15 mins before the trip, with those details?

we have many enters, e.g. 15 people a day, but only 5 do search, and 3 create a ride, do others have problems? What do the do?

часто люди шукаю по місцю? Лут-коз? Якось порадити одним і другим домовитись дешевше.

use pop-up alert in templates or ther places where no data.

if a driver created a trip - notify subscribers only 5 min later, maybe driver will change his mind and delete a trip.

when user cancles anything - ask again if they are sure, idealy via pop up msg.
What can we do ith pop ups at all? Can we use it as a booking view for P.

 Не знайшлось? Введіть вручну - Якщо немає - введіть вручну.

 do not show past subscriptions.

 store only a single template per from-to pair, maybe just get that info from last ride, no need to temaplte table
 just read info and then get info by ride id.
 ALso on ui show ??? near seats, time and day

 metrics
 - time for driver to create a trip
 - time for rider to do a search 

- remove extra fields in msg from P to D on booking (car, phone). Maybe in othe msgs
- also on trip search make a new line separation between trip details and driver 
 details (time, from , to /n car, phone, name)

-inside my subscription show seats even if only 1 is requested.

- 
Оберіть день зі списку. - Внизу?

може кожний рядок в швидкому пошуку це окремий рядок
Коз ->  Крем
Сьогодні
18:00
1 місце

do not receive notifications about own trip creation

Повторити + такі ж стрілочки.
Є більші стрілочки?

Is it thread safe, e.g. when driver cancles trip -> booking, and passenger also cancels - what happens?

other cards also need simplification.
Маршрут водія коли пасажир бачить підтвердження?

do UI simplification. On trip search no need to show car, phone, from_points. WE can show car + from_points
on booking, phone - once approved. Seat - no need at all , if we found this ride - it has enough seat.
Exception when from and to are both cities - then from_points are needed.
Maybe keep as-is, just hide phone and seats.

do not send subsciption notifications to yourself

should we limit notification sending from 23:00 to 07:00?

send all notification, including subscription, booking, cancel - only when user is at least 1 min inactive. And check if
the subsctiption is still suitalbe. 

when subscription is from koz -> krem, but a new trip is from lut -> krem, also need to send a notification.


=== Maybe in teh future ===

АІ введеня голосом.

повторити/зкопіювати минули поїздки. Також коли люди стоврила "До речіб після завершення поїздки ви зможете знайти її в минулих поїздках
і скопіювати щоб шкидко сторити нову".

шаблони. КОли створив поздку зберешти її скелет. І далі можна зайти і почати прм яз шблону, залишається лише день і чвс.

якщо водій на кроці вибору коли підбере, він ен може пропустити або піти назад.

Підписка на пошук

should we replace every msg with buttons with ... once user goes into so other activity?

driver should see their canceled rides in the history. Х
Maybe the button should say "Скасовані та попередні поїздки"
maybe just a separete button for "My canceled trips
same for P

======= TO test ========



===== ANSWERED/DONE ======

- Повторіть попередній пошук або почніть новий: -
Повторити попередній пошук чи почати новий?
Хочете повторити пошук чи почати новий?
Оберіть 

rremeber notes, only apply to same from_city

 if during from-scratch ride creationg we recognisee we have a template for this, even non active - we can offer a time form it
 delete template

own trip

менше варіантів для часу, щоб "Показати всі поїздки" було шуидше знайти

дозволити час не тіьки через :

P and D shound not be able to change booking and trip status once it is started. Or after it is already finished -  check passnger ussing other device.
before deaprture - both can cancel
after dep but before arrival - both can cancel, p can't book?
after arrival no cancleling

P books, driver refuses, P can book again and dirver can accept


create 2 rides (from diff driver) with the same dep and arrival. Properly search view, can be booked. Proper driver gets notificatoin.

міста стрибають

P search: time, status, num of free seats. Do not let book if was 1 seat before booking, but during booking there is no seats.

sort approved and pending by pickup time?
artem pickup is at 20:10
anna 20:05 -> she should come before artem when drivers views a trip.

passenger phone number

driver phone numberDb

треба краще описати дефолтні маршрути по комсомольску і кобеляках

залишіть будь-ласка відкуг, якщо щось буде не зручно.

пропустити в кроках де це можна

make sure BE is ready, e.g. enough resources.

do not let to book own trip again.
search only tris from 5 mon from now

make ride last 30min again

look at every msg, maybe we don't need to include all he info, e.g. ehrn P cancels - no need to show casr details. Myabr just cities and time will be enough? + pickuo point.

send rides with 0.3 sec delay? otherwise too many are thrown at. the same time

send feedback. ON bookings, trip, or general in P/D menu.

good idea is ti have some pauses, e.g. on driver view:
you have got 3 trips, 0.5 sec pause
trip 1 - 0.5 pause

there should be a default route description is users enter new city (school, center, atb, rail station)

what happen when driver enter new city?
we should not show any landmarks? Or myabe it-is fine as is: they need to enter.

we should store every action user makes and every response we send to user. 
This way we can replay user actions. E.g. we can then query what action did the user (or users)
did after this time. Or what action were happening with this ride.

analytics: make sure create trips, book, and search list have timestamps.
also which departure time a passenger is looking for.

test notofication when phone is locked (both P an d D)

no need for cancel search button.

store user names per user id

Де вас підібрати в Галещині?

when we send  amsg to driver or driver views rides - we should show FROM and TO from
booking, not from a ride. Bevause maybe someones want todo a dropoff in Haleshyna but driver did not want to go there, so driver should see upfrom P's destination.

feeback buttom

if no results -  ми знайшли 7 поїздок, але вільних місць вже немає. 
if there are results - ми знайшли 7 поїздок, вільні місця є в 3-х:
Ми не знайшли поїздок на цей час.
to give passengers feeling of high D presence nad that they should search earlier next time.

when a passenger enter 18:00 today. Then come back and is looking for the same
pair of cities and it is not 18:00 yet, we should show 18:00 as a shortcut.

Де вас підібрат, і для кожного міста свій приклад - no need for now

when we present a list of rides to a passenger - theier no BACK button,
alos they should not see the regular keyboard.

Час виїзду з Полтави, час прибутя в Полтаву. Відмінки.

назад має бути кругом

P can choose to see A -> anythere, or anythere -> anywhere or anywhere -> A 
no need I guess

steps when filling in new trip or booking details

when passenger did not specify his number - show that as well

make sure we use the same timezone everywhere. 
Because now DB is server time, python is UTC time. Maybe
kust update DB to use UTC and make dure in python it is always utc.
can we just use Kyiv time everywhere. 

continue: search for 3-min before and 1h after request
when ANY - from now until the end of the day,

car description

Додати нотатки пасажира при бронюванні (буду біля куліничів)
І нотатки водія при погодженні або відхиленні (чекайте в 10:10, сюди на заїжатиму)
Додати пояснюючий текст для нотаток
Пасажиру: вкажіть де чекатимете водія, або інші прохання, буду з собчкою, хочк за 50грн
Водієві: якщо час для цього пасажира інший, вкажіть його.

implement "my rides" info for both.

Show only 3 rides at the time?
Have buttons like 'rides 1-3', 'rides 4-6', ...?
or 'there are 23 more rides available, show 3 more?
Краще показувати одеу похзду з кнопкою забронбвати, наступна, попередня, І
і показувати лічильник поїздок

if a rider book an old ride or just. without seat - tell him to search again for available ones?

-Час від часу передтвлятися букінг таблицю і нагадувати водіям?

переводити в особистий чат коли щось не ясно

Райониі орієнтира - це наша головна фіщка. ПОдумати як туу зайти сильно, щоб
це було супер зручно і корисно.

redesign my tripcs for drive? show already approved riders
on the same view as the whole ride?
test scenario where there are 3 waitng and driver confierms from my trips menu, how to handle
provide time msg?

trips also should hace created at

show only 3-4 poplar cities on the key board

there is no pickup time on driver confirmartion

driver can create a trip, cancel, 
then create for the same time - no overlaps with deleted one.

driver trips view - number of seat, not num of bookings'

do not let driver enter departure time from the past or now

do not show tirp if it is already over, no 2h check.

P show trips: time

citqi name

offered time to pickup should not exceed arrival 21:40 - 21:50 - no 22:00 offered

driver cannot enter pickup time outside the dep-arri window

How long does FSM keep the data in memory. - forever

when user etnras some details, then we restart a service, user sees e.g. enter num of seats, he enters 3, what happens? 
We have lost the im memory state.  - nothing happens, need to /start

Approved city - check on the other device. - OK

does "msg driver" opens a real chat - check using other device. - OK